Tutorials/Full Stack Resources.md, before:

# Full Stack Tutorials

##AJAX:<br>
_jQuery & Ajax_:<br>

**Ruby on Rails - Railscasts PRO #136 jQuery & Ajax (revised)**
By: Railscasts Reloaded<br>
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FBxVN7U1Qsk

##Database:<br>
_PostgreSQL_:<br>

**3 Battle-Tested Ways to Install PostgreSQL**
By: Ivan Storck<br>
https://www.codefellows.org/blog/three-battle-tested-ways-to-install-postgresql

**12-Step Program for Scaling Web Applications on PostgreSQL**
By: Konstantin Gredeskoul<br>
http://www.slideshare.net/kigster/12step-program-for-scaling-web-applications-on-postgresql

**Migrating to PostgreSQL**
By: RailsCasts<br>
*Pay attention to the `rails new ...` command.*<br>
http://railscasts.com/episodes/342-migrating-to-postgresql?autoplay=true<br>

_SQL_:<br>

**A beginners guide to SQL**
By: Soham Kamani<br>
http://www.sohamkamani.com/blog/2016/07/07/a-beginners-guide-to-sql/

**SQLBolt -- In browser interactive SQL tutorials**
By: SQL Bolt<br>
http://sqlbolt.com/

##GitHub:<br>
_Formatting_:<br>

**Basic writing and formatting syntax**
By: GitHub<br>
https://help.github.com/articles/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax/

_General_:<br>

**Git - the simple guide**
By: Roger Dudler<br>
http://rogerdudler.github.io/git-guide/

##JavaScript<br>
_General_: <br>

**Full Stack JavaScript**
By: Gautam Arora<br>
http://www.fullstackjs.com/book/

**JavaScript: Understanding the Weird Parts**
By: Anthony Alicea - Not Free<br>
https://www.udemy.com/understand-javascript/

**Prototype in JavaScript**
By: kudvenkat<br>
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2rkEbcptR64

##Rails<br>
_Console_: <br>

**Rails Console Shortcuts, Tips, and Tricks**
By: The Pragmatic Studio<br>
https://pragmaticstudio.com/blog/2014/3/11/console-shortcuts-tips-tricks

##RSpec<br>
_Testing_:

**Everyday Rails Testing with RSpec**
By: Aaron Sumner - Not Free<br>
https://leanpub.com/everydayrailsrspec

**RSpec Cheat Sheet**
By: Dave Astel<br>
http://www.anchor.com.au/wp-content/uploads/rspec_cheatsheet_attributed.pdf

##Ruby:<br>
_Enumeration_:<br>

**Enumerator: Ruby’s Versatile Iterator**
By Jared Carroll<br>
http://blog.carbonfive.com/2012/10/02/enumerator-rubys-versatile-iterator/

**Another Ultimate Guide to Enum Ruby Methods - each, select and map**
By Dave Nelson<br>
http://davenelsondev.com/another-one-and-only-ultimate-guide-to-enum-ruby-methods/

_Hash Collision Resolution_:<br>

**Robin Hood hashing**
By: Emmanuel Goossaert<br>
http://codecapsule.com/2013/11/11/robin-hood-hashing

**Hopscotch Hashing**
By: Maurice Herlihy, Nir Shavit, Moran Tzafrir<br>
http://people.csail.mit.edu/shanir/publications/disc2008_submission_98.pdf

##Ruby On Rails:<br>
_Complete Tutorials_:<br>

**Create a Chat App with Rails 5**
By: Ilya Bodrov-Krukowski<br>
https://www.sitepoint.com/create-a-chat-app-with-rails-5-actioncable-and-devise/

**How to use RVM and different versions of rails**
By: roninblade<br>
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/18348373/how-to-use-rvm-and-different-versions-of-rails

**Ruby on Rails Tutorial**
By: Michael Hartl<br>
https://www.railstutorial.org/book/_single-page#sec-introduction

_Routing_:<br>

**Routing Introduction**
By: The Odin Project<br>
http://www.theodinproject.com/ruby-on-rails/routing

##RegEx:<br>

**RegexOne -- In browser interactive Regex tutorials**
By: Regex One<br>
http://regexone.com/

Commit message:

Add "You Don't Know JS"

Tutorials/Full Stack Resources.md, after:

# Full Stack Tutorials

##AJAX:<br>
_jQuery & Ajax_:<br>

**Ruby on Rails - Railscasts PRO #136 jQuery & Ajax (revised)**
By: Railscasts Reloaded<br>
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FBxVN7U1Qsk

##Database:<br>
_PostgreSQL_:<br>

**3 Battle-Tested Ways to Install PostgreSQL**
By: Ivan Storck<br>
https://www.codefellows.org/blog/three-battle-tested-ways-to-install-postgresql

**12-Step Program for Scaling Web Applications on PostgreSQL**
By: Konstantin Gredeskoul<br>
http://www.slideshare.net/kigster/12step-program-for-scaling-web-applications-on-postgresql

**Migrating to PostgreSQL**
By: RailsCasts<br>
*Pay attention to the `rails new ...` command.*<br>
http://railscasts.com/episodes/342-migrating-to-postgresql?autoplay=true<br>

_SQL_:<br>

**A beginners guide to SQL**
By: Soham Kamani<br>
http://www.sohamkamani.com/blog/2016/07/07/a-beginners-guide-to-sql/

**SQLBolt -- In browser interactive SQL tutorials**
By: SQL Bolt<br>
http://sqlbolt.com/

##GitHub:<br>
_Formatting_:<br>

**Basic writing and formatting syntax**
By: GitHub<br>
https://help.github.com/articles/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax/

_General_:<br>

**Git - the simple guide**
By: Roger Dudler<br>
http://rogerdudler.github.io/git-guide/

##JavaScript<br>
_General_: <br>

**Full Stack JavaScript**
By: Gautam Arora<br>
http://www.fullstackjs.com/book/

**JavaScript: Understanding the Weird Parts**
By: Anthony Alicea - Not Free<br>
https://www.udemy.com/understand-javascript/

**Prototype in JavaScript**
By: kudvenkat<br>
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2rkEbcptR64

**You Don't Know JS (book series)**
By: Kyle Simpson<br>
https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS

##Rails<br>
_Console_: <br>

**Rails Console Shortcuts, Tips, and Tricks**
By: The Pragmatic Studio<br>
https://pragmaticstudio.com/blog/2014/3/11/console-shortcuts-tips-tricks

##RSpec<br>
_Testing_:

**Everyday Rails Testing with RSpec**
By: Aaron Sumner - Not Free<br>
https://leanpub.com/everydayrailsrspec

**RSpec Cheat Sheet**
By: Dave Astel<br>
http://www.anchor.com.au/wp-content/uploads/rspec_cheatsheet_attributed.pdf

##Ruby:<br>
_Enumeration_:<br>

**Enumerator: Ruby’s Versatile Iterator**
By Jared Carroll<br>
http://blog.carbonfive.com/2012/10/02/enumerator-rubys-versatile-iterator/

**Another Ultimate Guide to Enum Ruby Methods - each, select and map**
By Dave Nelson<br>
http://davenelsondev.com/another-one-and-only-ultimate-guide-to-enum-ruby-methods/

_Hash Collision Resolution_:<br>

**Robin Hood hashing**
By: Emmanuel Goossaert<br>
http://codecapsule.com/2013/11/11/robin-hood-hashing

**Hopscotch Hashing**
By: Maurice Herlihy, Nir Shavit, Moran Tzafrir<br>
http://people.csail.mit.edu/shanir/publications/disc2008_submission_98.pdf

##Ruby On Rails:<br>
_Complete Tutorials_:<br>

**Create a Chat App with Rails 5**
By: Ilya Bodrov-Krukowski<br>
https://www.sitepoint.com/create-a-chat-app-with-rails-5-actioncable-and-devise/

**How to use RVM and different versions of rails**
By: roninblade<br>
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/18348373/how-to-use-rvm-and-different-versions-of-rails

**Ruby on Rails Tutorial**
By: Michael Hartl<br>
https://www.railstutorial.org/book/_single-page#sec-introduction

_Routing_:<br>

**Routing Introduction**
By: The Odin Project<br>
http://www.theodinproject.com/ruby-on-rails/routing

##RegEx:<br>

**RegexOne -- In browser interactive Regex tutorials**
By: Regex One<br>
http://regexone.com/
